hello everybody welcome back to the
Super Mario walkthrough as we are now
going to do the third heart pillar
I think it's the third heart pillar no
I'm sorry the fourth one
you
it's real easy
ok Sarah that I am just got an email ok
so I went up the wrong elevator I think
oh you know let's just save and then
so need to go down here over here
just need to go around here and not fall
through the crack hopefully I was mine I
was in my epic fail and you need to
align these so that they're um right in
the right order so it's totally for that
and all you do is just make this one I
have to do is make this one go down and
this one pop up and your gun
so now we just go back yeah I guess you
get this turn the video off from here
it's not really anything else you need
to see
how
I don't want to talk to you say I don't
want to talk to you God clicking
moochers I'm doing in here just getting
some sure likes for the next level
okay my guess I'm just going to stop it
right around here bye